Miss Shen, I'm sorry, no, no, Miss Ye
This is our responsibility.
We will definitely give you a satisfactory answer.
Ye Zhen, as the mayor of Meteor City
It is your duty to protect the people
You're in charge of the review phase
I will definitely give you an explanation ASAP.
Sister, what should I do?
This is going to disfigure
Products of Shen Group
It's never had a problem before.
Someone must have done it
Wait until I rescue the mastermind behind the scenes and leave it to you to deal with
All right.
I'm sorry about what happened to Miss Shen today
When I catch the murderer behind the scenes, I will take care of him
So happy
Mr. Sun, Miss Shen, then we will leave first
Who the hell are you?
Even City Lord Ye is so polite to you
Hey, Yumei, why do you keep staring at me?
Jin Chen, are you really the God of War?
What kind of Lord War God am I?
Have you ever seen a god of war like me?
He is also Yu Fan, a man who may be a soldier
What happened to the token?
Oh this, this is when I collect junk.
I received it.
So you like Lord War God so much?
Lord War God
The youngest Valkyrie in China
One commander within the dragon
Clear all sources
Less translation four
Guard the Bafang
The Design of Protecting China
Is it a girl from China?
The hero who dreams of marrying?
So to speak
You are also willing to marry the god of war
Of course, what woman wouldn't want to marry him?
Then I'll be honest.
I am the god of war
Stop talking nonsense, how could you be?
I'm still so attractive